									Here you sit on a dilapidated bench in front of an Orange Julius.
												      You give a sad smile.
										     You and your friends grew up in this mall.

					You are only home to take care of your parents, a reality that's led you to crave a familiar nostalgia.
								So you sought out the mall only to find it an empty monument to your youth.
								  You stand up, careful as the bench warps beneath your shifting weight.

			You begin to travel your memories as you walk the seemingly haunted walls of what used to be a hive of teenage activity
					The center of it all was the oldest arcade in Dunellen, NJ... well actually the entire United States.
				  A mysterious figure appears from the maintenance hall to the right of the arcade entrance. You step back.
									   Leery of the sudden surprise. The figure smiles a warm smile.
						'Nothing to fear in me. Just a transient. Is there a finer place to hold up? I mean no harm.'
									 You remove your arms which had instinctively crossed at your chest.

											          The man inched closer
			 						    'Guessing you have a shine for games. I do as well.'
						   'I was able to find these tokens and managed to rig the power from an old generator...'
													      'Have a go.'

						You look down at their outstretched hand. A single worn token sits in the center of their palm.
										    They motion for you to pick up the token.
											   You do, placing it in your pocket.
						You thank them and turn, looking at the shell of an arcade with the dimmest of lights radiating
											    from behind boarded up windows.
									     The door surprisingly opens with little effort. 
						   As you enter the threshold of the arcade you feel a static charge in your hands.
										             You push forward.

					  As you place your foot onto the orange carpeted floor, you feel yourself start to pixelate.
							Pixel by pixel you slowly rise, blending into the heavy ether of the arcade. 
								You are pulled, piece by piece into an ancient, black box console – 
								   white faded letters that spelled out 'Labyrinth' on the side.
		Your only clue as you open your eyes to high white walls and a glossy black floor and the impulse to find the center and escape.
						     				You check your pocket, the token is gone. 
										     A console flashes on the westward wall.

